Doc how to run the Node env (#8)
terra-money/terrain: README.md

cargo install cargo-run-script
```

## Setup Node

> To run Terrain you need to install NodeJs and NPM. We recomment the **[NodeJs LTS 16](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)** and **Node Package Manager** (NPM) 8.5.0 which is the deafult installed version for NodeJs LTS 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Terrain you need to install Node.js and NPM. We recommend the **[Node.js LTS 16](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)** and **Node Package Manager** (NPM) 8.5.0 which is the default installed version for Node.js LTS 16.
```
